benefits can you take advantage of as a junior officer of the education,
Go get your master's degree on the Navy. The Navy pay for that? Um,
if you want a little, you know, I am a ship driver. I did have an
opportunity early on. Was that moderate? I could have changed Group
Pass. They were looking for nuclear reactor officers. At that point,
I did not want to go to a carrier. That was all it was. A lot of junior
class cruisers were gone that for So I did not want to go with
your power. I will say, if you are top 4% e key on your fit ruts. You
know, you want to think about a switch. You know, you could be a
doctor. After 30 years, you can be a dentist. You know, you can Holt
easy anymore. So that's kind of interesting. You know, we're unrestricted
line officers. That's mainly I'm talking to this point under
strict line, but if you after serving some good tours beside, you know
that's an option, you go to hell to send in tow. It's selected by,
you know, the detailers in transition over to medical, dental, nurse,
medical service score. It's a great life. We take advantage of the
situation